Make ndims constant. (#2605)
modelica/ModelicaSpecification: chapters/operatorsandexpressions.tex

  \lstinline!edge!, \lstinline!change!, \lstinline!sample!, and \lstinline!pre!, a function or operator with constant
  subexpressions as argument (and no parameters defined in the function)
  is a constant expression.
\item

>   Some function calls are constant expressions regardless of the arguments:

Reviewer: As far as I can see, there's just a single item in the list, which could be reflected when presenting the list:
```suggestion
  There is one function call which is a constant expression regardless of the arguments:
```

Author: My logic was that even if ndims is the only function, there are multiple possible calls of it and thus the plural makes sense - and it will be easier if we find other functions that should be in the list.

Reviewer: OK, makes sense.

>   Some function calls are constant expressions regardless of the arguments:
> 
>   \begin{itemize}

Reviewer: In my experience with LaTeX, this is a paragraph break that shouldn't be there.  Hence:
```suggestion
  Some function calls are constant expressions regardless of the arguments:
  \begin{itemize}
```

  \lstinline!edge!, \lstinline!change!, \lstinline!sample!, and \lstinline!pre!, a function or operator with constant
  subexpressions as argument (and no parameters defined in the function)
  is a constant expression.
\item
  Some function calls are parameter expressions even if the arguments
  are not:

  \begin{itemize}
  \item
    \lstinline!ndims(A)!

>   \end{itemize}

Reviewer 2: Wouldn't it make sense to say that ndims is constant? (Like the PR topic says) Even in functions with weird arguments and unknown dimensions... the number of dimensions is always constant, right?

Or is this just copy-pasta?

Author: I had forgotten to save after updating the text; thx for detecting it.
